1) What is the actual name of COVID-19?
(a) Wuhan Virus
(b) Coronavirus
(c) Coronavirus Disease 2019
(d) Coronavirus Viral Infectious Disease 2019

2) Which are NOT DORSCON levels (eg. a,b)?
(a) red
(b) white
(c) green
(d) yellow
(e) black
(f) orange

3) Which mask should you wear when you're heading out?
(a) Reuse a surgical Mask
(b) Facial Mask
(c) Do not need to wear a mask, just pretend that you're exercising
(d) N95 Mask

4) What should the face mask cover?
(a) Nose
(b) Mouth
(c) Chin
(d) Eyes 

5) Which is/are not an area(s) for washing your hands?
(a) Base of thumbs
(b) Between fingers
(c) Fingernails
(d) Wrist
(e) Back of hands
(f) Back of fingers
(g) None of the above

6) Which are not symptoms of COVID-19?
(a) Flu
(b) Fever
(c) Cough
(d) Sore eyes
(e) Shortness of breath
(f) Ulcer

7) What is not encouraged when going out?
(a) Avoid Social gatherings
(b) 1m social distancing
(c) Avoid physical contact 
(d) Stay at home if feeling unwell
(e) Exercise anywhere you want regularly
(f) Wear a Mask
(g) Wear Goggles

8) Which are true regarding Public Health Preparedness Clinic(PHPC)?
(a) Spend just $10 for consultation and medication if you have symptoms of COVID-19, applicable to Singaporeans and PRs
(b) Free consultation and medication if you have symptoms of COVID-19, applicable to Pioneers and Merdaka generation
(c) Spend just $5 consultation and medication if you have symptoms of COVID-19, applicable to Pioneers and Merdaka generation
(d) Spend just $10 for consultation and medication if you have symptoms of COVID-19, applicable to Singaporeans only

9) What do you do if you have a Stay Home Notice (SHN)?
(a) Go out and eat Bak kut teh
(b) Go to the gym to keep fit and build up immune system
(c) Stay at home

10) Which are reasons that you should only go out for?
(a) Get daily essentials
(b) Visit relatives
(c) For urgent medical needs
(d) Buy food

11) Who should wear a mask when going out?
(a) Young people
(b) Old people
(c) Sick people
(d) All of the above
(e) None of the above

12) What should you do if a Safe Distancing Ambassador(SDA)/Enforcement Officer(EO) approaches you?
(a) Headbutt them
(b) Scold them
(c) Adhere to instructions. They are just doing their job to make Singapore safer.
(d) Slap them
(e) Run away
(f) Punch them

13) How did COVID-19 originate?
(a) Bats
(b) Seafood
(c) No clue
(d) Aliens
(e) China

14) Which is false?
(a) Quarantine Order(QO) is a legal order issued to individuals and has legal force with severe penalties for non-compliance.
It is issued to quarantine/isolate individuals suspected to be a carrier or is a contact of carrier.
Can be served in dedicated Government Quarantine Facilities (GQFs) or hospitals.
(b) Leave of Absence(LOA) is precautionary measure. Recipients may leave their house for daily necessities or attend to
important matters but must minimize time spent in public spaces or contact with others.
(c) Stay Home Notice(SHN) is a precautionary measure implemented, that is stricter than LOA. Recipients have to remain at home at ALL times and cannot invite visitors too.
(d) None of the above
